Adding `override-with` key to config reference (#9370)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/configuration-reference.adoc

A job name that exists in your `config.yml`.

'''

[#override-with]
====== *`override-with`*

The `override-with` key is used to override the job configuration with a job in the referenced orb.

[.table.table-striped]
[cols=4*, options="header", stripes=even]
|===
| Key | Required | Type | Description

| `override-with`
| N
| String

> | The orb job name to override the configuration with. (Both URL-based and registry orbs are supported)

Reviewer: Is there anything public we can link to yet that states what a URL orb is? I think probably not but worth a check

Author: Not that I could find :/

> | The orb job name to override the configuration with. (Both URL-based and registry orbs are supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The orb job name that will be used to override the existing job configuration. (Both URL-based and registry orbs are supported)
```

|===

*Example:*

[,yml]
----
include::../_includes/snippets/orchestration-examples/override-with.yml[]
----

In the example above, the _test_ job in the workflow is being overriden with the orb job _my-orb/my-test_. The _my-orb/my-test_ might be defined with a different resource class or execution steps. 

> If the _my-orb/my-test_ job is not defined inside the orb, the _test_ job will compile using the local job definition.

Reviewer: Could you change the italics for backticks for job names?
